book/README.md, before:

# Example notebooks

01. [Basic math, variables and the `print` and `input` functions](01-variables-math-print-input.ipynb)
02. [Comparisons, the `if` statement and string concatenation and methods](02-comparisons-if-quit.ipynb)
03. [Concatenation and string methods](03-strings-concatting.ipynb)
04. [Lists (basics)](04-list-basics.ipynb)
05. [The `for` statement](05-for-statement.ipynb)
06. [Advanced use of lists: methods and slicing](06-lists-advanced.ipynb)
07. [The `while` statement](07-while-statement.ipynb)
08. [Working with files](08-files.ipynb)
09. [F-strings](09-f-strings.ipynb)
10. [Dicts (basics)](10-dicts.ipynb)
11. [Nested dicts](11-nested-dicts.ipynb)
12. [JSON](12-json.ipynb)
13. [HTTP API's](13-http-apis.ipynb)
14. [Displaying images and HTML in Jupyter Notebooks](14-images-html-notebooks.ipynb)
15. [Printing complex data types](15-printing-complex-types.ipynb)
16. [Pandas (basics)](16-pandas-basics.ipynb)
17. [Pandas: combining data sets using `merge()` and `concat()`](17-pandas-combining.ipynb)
18. [Pandas: importing structured data formats](18-pandas-importing-data.ipynb)
19. [Pandas: filtering and sorting data](19-pandas-filtering-sorting.ipynb)
20. [Pandas: advanced ways to transform data with `apply()`](20-pandas-transform-apply.ipynb)
21. [Pandas: plots and visualisations](21-pandas-plots.ipynb)
22. [Pandas: working with temporal data](22-pandas-temporal-data.ipynb)
23. [Accessing the Reddit API using the `praw` library](23-reddit-praw.ipynb)
24. [Functions](24-functions.ipynb)
25. [Web scraping with BeautifulSoup](25-web-scraping.ipynb)

Commit message:

Replaced logo, adding some extra information

book/README.md, after:

# Data Science Fundamentals with Python
![Data Science Fundamentals](../assets/dsf.jpg)

[Read the introduction to this course](../README.md).

## Chapters
01. [Basic math, variables and the `print` and `input` functions](01-variables-math-print-input.ipynb)
02. [Comparisons, the `if` statement and string concatenation and methods](02-comparisons-if-quit.ipynb)
03. [Concatenation and string methods](03-strings-concatting.ipynb)
04. [Lists (basics)](04-list-basics.ipynb)
05. [The `for` statement](05-for-statement.ipynb)
06. [Advanced use of lists: methods and slicing](06-lists-advanced.ipynb)
07. [The `while` statement](07-while-statement.ipynb)
08. [Working with files](08-files.ipynb)
09. [F-strings](09-f-strings.ipynb)
10. [Dicts (basics)](10-dicts.ipynb)
11. [Nested dicts](11-nested-dicts.ipynb)
12. [JSON](12-json.ipynb)
13. [HTTP API's](13-http-apis.ipynb)
14. [Displaying images and HTML in Jupyter Notebooks](14-images-html-notebooks.ipynb)
15. [Printing complex data types](15-printing-complex-types.ipynb)
16. [Pandas (basics)](16-pandas-basics.ipynb)
17. [Pandas: combining data sets using `merge()` and `concat()`](17-pandas-combining.ipynb)
18. [Pandas: importing structured data formats](18-pandas-importing-data.ipynb)
19. [Pandas: filtering and sorting data](19-pandas-filtering-sorting.ipynb)
20. [Pandas: advanced ways to transform data with `apply()`](20-pandas-transform-apply.ipynb)
21. [Pandas: plots and visualisations](21-pandas-plots.ipynb)
22. [Pandas: working with temporal data](22-pandas-temporal-data.ipynb)
23. [Accessing the Reddit API using the `praw` library](23-reddit-praw.ipynb)
24. [Functions](24-functions.ipynb)
25. [Web scraping with BeautifulSoup](25-web-scraping.ipynb)

## Credits
This course was developed by [Hay Kranen](mailto:huskyr@gmail.com) with generous feedback from [Jonas Moons](mailto:jonas.moons@hu.nl). Logo by [https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Schr%C3%B6dinger%27s_cat_illustration.png](Ranganath Krishnamani).
